August2022
//Ultraglides,205g0,Geon 22mm 67g
//Cherry Clip-Ins
//Shenpo Red Cyrillic


**Thoughts**
Construction
// Is much heavier than it looks, weighing about 2.5 kilos built. The texture of the finish is on the courser end of anodizations that i've felt on hand,
it has no gloss, and it feels like you're running your fingers over a smooth river pebble. Visually, the ano grain is extremely fine, much finer compared
to the earlier F1's that geon produced, with no striping or smudges. the outer upper edges of the top case has an extremely tight fillet, which gives it a
refined sillhouette when viewed from a typing position. The inner edges are much more aggressively chamfered than most boards that i own, and it's done to 
a degree that appears deliberate. Looking from the ass side up of the keyboard, the outer north/south edges are only slightly chamfered, which makes it feel 
slightly sharp on the edges while lifting it. Upon extremely close inspection, i did happen to find an extremely tiny ding in the form of a chamfering error
on the brass weight. By geon's qc standards and expectations this is definitely acceptable as A-Stock but it is unfortunate that i could spot a tiny ding like
this after qc-ing only for 30 seconds. Board internals are extremely clean, with extremely subtle ano hook marks (i had to really look for it), and similarly
well done anodization. The detailing on the inner portion of the weight is subjectively extremely clean, and i commend Geon's eye for industrial design
refinement esp considering this is a meme board.

Build Experience
//It's the first time that i've built a plateless board with a switch support tool. It was an extreme pain in the ass to get rid of it after completing my
soldering as i did not have the necessary tools to properly pry it out without scratching anything, but i managed. No finicky internal screws or annoying sticky
gaskets helps the build process, but you do need some dexterity to put the two halves of the cases together with the tadpole supporting the pcb to the top
case, because the weight of the top case itself would want to push the pcb out of the case, and the tadpoles dont fit tight enough to keep the pcb in place.
Once you're done with that, it's just 8 screws on the ass-end of the board and you're good to go. If a "1" would be a daughterboardless gummy o-ring board,
and a "10" would be the decrepit Mammoth75 R1, this would be a "4" on the difficulty scale.

Typing Experience
// Built with a 1.6mm pcb and 50A oring, this board moderately flexes on the spacebar and r2/r3 alphas, and also has slight bounce. When typing normally, the
feel is surprisingly extremely even considering that it is a modified top mount, with the keys on the outer edges sounding a tad bit more muted compared to the
inner alphas. The 10u spacebar types extremely evenly when pressed from all sides, but the bottom out is much less harsh when tapped on the right half of the key.
Extremely faint hollowness on the spacebar and alphas, but what unfoamed board does not? The mounting + thickass weight definitely gives it a deeper sound
signature compared to other top mount boards. It tHoCcCs, thought i wonder if i built it without tadpoles i wouldve gotten a higher pitched board, because that
is my preferred sound signature.

Overall
Very good board, even for extras pricing. Insane value, no-frills mounting, beautifully detailed engineering. You will never catch me parting ways with mine, unless
if i'm trading it for a pink unit, or for a house in Toronto.
